Minutes of Meeting
Project Name: Delphi Web Tool
Client Name: James Crabb
Date: 03/10/2024
Time: 1700-
Location: Microsoft Teams
Attendees:
James Crabb
Griffin Gerry
William Heinecke

1. Agenda
Covering the Project Requirements and Specifications page

Introduction to Sprint 2

2. Meeting Summary

Detailed explanation of the client's requirements.
Discussion on specific features and functionalities expected by the client.
Clarifications on any ambiguities in the project scope.

Key Discussion Points:

Discussion Point 1: Placing Survey Participation behind login vs using a link/token system. 
Make links to surveys double-blind. Survey administrators will not know who the participant is - privacy protection.

Discussion Point 2: Requirements are broad at this point. 
Use Cases/Stories will require more in-depth steps as we proceed. 

Discussion Point 3: Specifying the participants as part of the survey creation. 
Invite participants is a separate use case from Survey Creation. 
Invite participants will send generate links and send them to the participants. 

Potentially adding a new use case for the User that clicks on the participant link which leads to the Participate in Survey use case. 

One page to manage surveys, active or inactive. Filters on the page.

Discussion Point: 
Generating the next round of results as a use case and inviting participants once again -> creating the iterative loop of the Delphi Method. 

Discussion Point:
Keeping survey responses secure and anonymous for survey participants and creators. PII kept anonymous from every user, not just other participants.  

Decisions Made:

Decided on changes to the Survey Creation and Invite Participants Use Cases. 

Updating the survey participation use case. 

Action Items:

Project team to revise Requirements document and diagrams based on client feedback.

3. Project Milestones Discussed

Prototype Goals - One browser and one device type working is the goal. Additional browsers and device types as a stretch goal. 

4. Next Steps

Next meeting has been scheduled. 

5. Next Meeting

Date: October 10th, 2024
Time: 1700-1730
Location: Microsoft Teams

Meeting Notes Prepared By: Griffin Gerry
Date: 03/10/2024